feat: Add support of on premise Sentry (#11)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-sentry: docs/index.md

  # auth_token = "de70c93ecc594a0eb52463bd8f1e6d0b203615621e724762b3e5a9d82be291e9xfWdDNqwZPngS"

  # If no credentials are specified, the plugin will use Sentry CLI authentication.

>   # `baseurl` - The baseUrl of your Sentry Instance
>   # Can also be set with the SENTRY_URL environment variable.
>   # baseurl = "https://sentry.company.com/"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # `base_url` - The base URL of your Sentry Instance.
  # Can also be set with the SENTRY_URL environment variable.
  # base_url = "https://sentry.company.com/"
```

>   # `baseurl` - The base URL of your Sentry Instance.
>   # Can also be set with the SENTRY_URL environment variable.
>   # baseurl = "https://sentry.company.com/"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # `base_url` - The base URL of your Sentry instance.
  # Can also be set with the SENTRY_URL environment variable.
  # base_url = "https://sentry.io/"
```
